## 4.2 Self Assessment

Most goals defined for the CGU and ECU are complete. The car is able to drive and steer according to provided instruction at a deterministic real-time performance, and is able to complete a turn of decently accurate angle, correct to ±15 degrees. All sensors mounted on the CGU and ECU function nominally, and have been configured properly to function in the obstacle avoidance scenario. The SPI transmissions between the ECU and CGU sometimes encounter collision, but all commands in the tests so far lead to a correct reaction, and should a corruption happen in the response data, it could be detected and indicated on the API return.

Most problems encountered are on physics. For example, the straight-line calibration routine worked imperfectly not because of code defect, but because of unforseen problems of friction, which causes wheel friction and unintended bounces in the photogate readings, both rendering inaccurate representation of the kinematic state fed to the ECU that leads to catastrophically violent calibratory actions. Additionally, the inherent defect of the motors dictates the fact that power delivery on both sides are always unequal, and it is unable to give a smooth output when driving heavy loads at low speed. This issue can be further mitigated by using higher-quality motor parts and custom designed gearbox, which unfortunately falls out of the scope of an ECE project.

The Android app accomplishes it's objectives as well, the only caveat being camera resolution. If a picture does not have good clarity or does not capture the face completely, it is hard to obtain accurate face recognition. This is a limitation of the face recognition API and the camera. This can be improved by implementing autonomous movement of the tripod base to allow the camera to take better pictures at better angles. It is also hard to accurately maintain state and current position of the car, because the car has visible shaking and curvature, and a steering angle with a least count of 15 degrees. This prevents complex and highly accurate traversal algorithms from being implemented, which could be potentially useful in realistic situations where attendance needs to be taken.

Overall, as all objectives have been met to a satisfactory degree, this project can be concluded as a success.
